<h1>Project Purpose</h1>

The purpose is to simplify and improve the management system in a user-friendly 
form to help the company keep track of its project data, as well as, to enable the 
company to acquire more attention from the customers via being clearer and 
more specific about their projects thanks to easy data accessibility.

<h1>Requirements</h1>

1. As an owner, I want to be able to create a new project with one of 4 types
(residential, commercial, road construction or industrial) with a unique name,
budget range and timeline, so the projects are easy to track.
2. As an owner, for residential type project, I want to be able to set the size of the
building, number of kitchens, bathrooms, and other rooms with plumbing,
whether the project is a new build or a renovation, so I can manage my
projects.
3. As an owner, for a commercial type of project, I want to be able to set the size
of the building as well as the number of floors and intended use of the building,
so I can manage my projects.
4. As an owner, for industrial type project, I want to be able to set the size of
facility and type of industrial facility that is being constructed, so I can manage
my projects
5. As an owner, for road construction type project, I want to be able to set a length
and width of the road, number of any bridges or tunnels that may need to be
constructed and any environmental or geographical challenges that should be
addressed, so I can manage my projects.
6. As an owner, I want to create a project without setting the status or progress, so
that the default status is set to “Under construction.”
7. As an owner, I want to start up projects with default data already filled out, so
that I do not have to do it manually:
• Residential projects: timeline: 9 months, number of kitchens: 1, number of
bathrooms: 1, other rooms with plumbing: 1, start a project as a new build
Commercial projects: timeline: 18 months, floors: 1.
• Industrial projects: timeline 30 months.
• Road construction: timeline 18 months, bridges, or tunnels: 0, start a project
without any environmental or geographical challenges.
8. As an owner, I want to be able to edit data on respective projects, because
projects dynamically change.
9. As an owner, I want to see both, expected, and used man hours, to distribute
resources effectively.
10. As an owner, I want to update on-going projects data daily, to keep better
accounts of resources used for construction.
11. As an owner, I want to change the expected ending time, so that I can see if we
are ahead of schedule.
12. As an owner, I want to be notified when project resources are over budget, so
that we can take proper steps to reduce expenses.
13. As an owner, while adding or editing projects I want to be notified by the system
if the data is relevant to the project type, so the data I input is always correct.
14. As an owner, I want the project to have unique ID automatically generated by
the system, so I can easily track them and manage.
15. As an owner, before removing the project from the system, I want to be asked
for approval, so I can avoid losing data by mistake.
16. As an owner, I want to track completed projects, such that we can have an idea
how much we invested into future similar projects.
17. As an owner, I want to be able to filter through data by project type and status,
or sort through other relevant criteria so that I can easily find what I need.
18. As an owner, I want to be able to display data on a website, to promote my
business.
19. As an owner, I want to be able to update data on a website from the system,
such that everything is in one place.
20. As a customer, I want to see the ongoing projects on a website, so I can see
companies' work.
21. As a customer, I want to be able to request quotes on the website, to make it
convenient for me.
